Ease listing contributors (#1074)
OpenTermsArchive/engine: .all-contributors.md

> This file is not used, but it is mandatory and cannot be deleted because it is generated automatically by [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org/) to list the contributors. The output used in production is in JSON format and is located in the `.all-contributorsrc` file.

Author: I think we can't ignore because this file have to be exposed on this repository and could be updated by using the CLI.

> This file is not used, but it is mandatory and cannot be deleted because it is generated automatically by [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org/) to list the contributors. The output used in production is in JSON format and is located in the `.all-contributorsrc` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file is required by [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org/) to work properly and must not be deleted. Although it is automatically updated with the list of contributors, the actual output used in production is in JSON format and located in the `.all-contributorsrc` file.
```

> This list of contributors is generated automatically by [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org/). The output used in production is the JSON format, this file is not used.

Reviewer: Add a comment to explain that this file is needed can not be removed
